Hey, friend, welcome back.
One thing you need to make sure to do before you deploy any code is to just validate make sure things
are good.
Sometimes we can make a little mistake and our code editor might not let us know.
Some code editors don't even tell you if you've made a mistake.
And I know one Adam.
We can install some plug ins and packages and stuff to maybe validate or code.
But here's a little trick that I like to do just to quickly format and make sure that my code is valid.
Simply go to code Pendejo and just create a new pen.
It's free.
You can sign up for a free account, or you can just quickly just start coding.
And this is what I do often is I'll just grab my code.
So here's my HTML and my index file.
I'm going to paste it in HTML and under here under the little gear icon.
Sorry, rather the little dropdown.
You can format the HTML to make sure everything is indented and tabbed properly.
And you can also analyze the HTML for any issues, and it will analyze it and show you if there's any
problems.
And I see one here.
It's a special.
Characters must be escaped.
And so it's referencing the greater than sign we put here because in the interface font, as you probably
recall, this will generate it will automatically look for this and create a nice arrow now in each
HTML.
This could create some problems.
It looks like we, you know, our we mistakenly haven't closed the tag or something like that, and
most browsers will probably just deal with this.
But in some cases it might actually create an issue.
So if we go back to our code editor, we can search and replace these greater than signs with the actual
HTML entity greater then.
So just find that instance of the dash and the greater than sign and just put a dash and then ampersand
semicolon and replace all of those.
Now, that might have been a bad idea, because we do have a greater than sign in our comment, and
so it's basically just director comment, so undo that.
And instead of search and replacing everything, we're just going to find the instances where we do
this in this area so we can just manually replace those.
Or if you did still want to find and replace, you could find it more specifically because by choosing
the.
Basically, it's right before the closing tag, so we can select that and know that it's only going
to select these four here.
So if I do that and then paste it here, but replace this greater than sign with Ampersand GTI Semicolon
and leave the closing tag that should solve the problem.
So if we save that, it should still work.
Yes, you could see that it still works totally fine.
It still generates the proper arrow.
But now we should recheck in Code Pen.
And it probably won't give us any issues.
All right.
So it's not giving us issues for the greater than sign anymore.
But now we're saying do not mix tabs in spaces for indentation.
So we really wanted to fix that.
What we can do is maybe go for manage HTML and then analyze again couldn't find any error.
So now we can copy this, paste it back in our editor and we know that now this is fully valid.
HTML Now we'll do the same thing for the widgets that each HTML.
I'm going to copy all of that.
Paste it in here.
I'm going to format and then I'm going to analyze, see if there's any issues.
And we do have that greater than issue again.
So what we'll do is we'll go back here and I believe that is right before closing a tag.
So we'll do the same thing.
Just find replace.
And there we go.
It's done that.
Copy this.
Replace it back in here.
Analyze, we've got the tabs and spaces issue, so let's just format perfect.
So now we've got validated HTML for the widgets that.
We can do the same thing for our styles.
So we just copy our styles.
So in style, that's easy.
Head over to Code Pen and we can paste it in the CC.
And what we'll do is we will.
Analyze or see us for any issues and see if anything comes up, it looks like something came up here.
Unexpected?
Unknown.
Property color.
Oh, so I didn't realize that we actually have a typo, so let's fix that.
See if there's any other issues.
Well, scroll through, look for any red kind of alert banners.
It looks like everything is really good, so we'll clean up this white space at the bottom.
I'll format the CSC.
Copy it.
Paste it back in here.
And now we have fully valid CC.
And finally, we could do the same thing with our JavaScript.
So copy our jQuery here and paste it in the jazz section of Code Pen.
And you can do things like jQuery.
And then what we can do is then analyze jQuery.
Apparently, we're missing a semicolon right here.
OK?
After the dropdown button.
Anything else we now analyze again?
Perfect.
We can format copy that.
Put it back in our main script.
Save.
Now we know that our HTML, CSS and JavaScript are fully valid.